# Hi, I'm Muntasir 👨‍💻
<br />

I'm a self-taught passionate developer from BD

**About me**
<br />
Currently I am in the middle of the ocean. I started with learning Java and quickly Switched to Android Development. I learned android to start making money, My apps hit some milestones that was unbelievable. After working with android, I changed my mind and swtiched to Html, css and js. Besides, I have learned basic photoshop and illustrating so that I won't need to rely on someone else for logos or things for my website. I thought broad and wanted to gather each skills. Then I started full time on SEO and site building. I was introduced to the Web world when i was in class 9. At that time I knew the term SEO but had no knowledge. It was interesing to me, so in 2018 i jumped into it and started a website. The website is about PC components. I learned things by applying and asking SEO pros in Twitter. All this whole time, I did not apply to any course or those sort of things to learn. Rather, I learned them on my own record by seeking help of the experts whenever I got stuck somewhere. Right now I fully work on Website flipping. My first website was sold in Motioninvest at a Good price. When I was learning SEO, I tried to find someone to build me Good speedy wordpress theme. When I looked into Fiverr, saw people just works on free theme and customize them with css. SO, I started learning Wordpress theme development. It didn't took me long to learn it. Now the themes I build, loads in miliseconds. I also learned Gatsby js for someone special to me. I have heard that the sites with gastby js runs like rocket. Later when I was researching on Flipping website of marketplace, I saw people are less interested with Gatsby as it's not easy to maintain. I left gastby Js there. I also have knowledge in Python, C and C++. I have learned python for some of my little brothers who are studying in BRAC University. I helped them with their assignments and learned a lot through it. My main dream is to run business but also have a dream of being a Software Engineer. Right now, I am focusing on my University Studies and preparing myself for internship in Germany tech Companies. Cheers!
